A possible reconstruction of the ancient harp is given here. 
The Vina resembles the Yantra, but has three strings. 
Real equality was to come in time. 
The 'agitation' was no street demonstration. 
His was an unusual gift, the gift of brilliant common sense. 
He was sixty-two-years old. 
Islam is, after all, a very simple, straightforward religion. 
Soon afterwards, he was given a knighthood by the British government. 
Accordingly W.C. Bannerji of Calcutta was chosen. 
In one important aspect he changed the habits of his home. 
During his childhood, his mother tongue had been, naturally, Gujarati. 
After the death of Sir Syed, the situation changed somewhat. 
The reactions to Badruddin's speech can be imagined. 
"What danger is going to befall my son?" he asked anxiously. 
This child will one day bring deliverance to the world. 
"He will conquer the world," said one learned pandit. 
All three palaces were surrounded with flower gardens and lotus pools. 
Hundreds of servants attended to his every need. 
The force of the argument impressed the king. 
This is the Dhamma, the law of righteousness. 
The sermon at Sarnath was only the beginning. 
The Buddha's teachings were very simple and could be easily understood. 
Buddhist monks spent their retreats in the Viharas. 
He asked, "Who is your teacher, brother? 
Whose Dhamma do you follow?" 
"I follow the sage of the Sakyas," answered Assaji. 
You have found the path to save all mankind." 
muraja, Tamil murasu), vangsi (Skt. 
In either case he got caught. 
The Santals have the sakna which again is buffalo horn. 
On the Sanskritic and related side many evidences are available. 
Mahabharata has the govishanika which was quite probably a cow's horn. 
The bowstring is a hemp or leather strap. 
Here is the story. 
In an assured manner, Badruddin replied, 'I hope so, Sir!' 
So you are a Christian?' 
This speech is worth reading several times and analysing carefully. 
His own idealism matched the purpose and aims of the new body. 
The strength of the Congress lay in its unanimity. 
A large number of Muslims had come to the Madras Congress. 
This seemed, at that time, a wildly ambitious wish. 
Indians, they said, were 'unfit' for self-government or democracy. 
Their understanding took time to develop. 
He is said to have been an extremely good-looking young man. 
There he saw an outcaste Chandala girl drawing water. 
He explained his problems to her, and discussed their solution. 
This was the chance Dighavu had been waiting for. 
For the best results the strings must be stretched with precise moderation. 
Furthermore they were themselves quite old. 
The Buddha's condition deteriorated. 
Therefore strive to be good." 
The whole performance has a strange feeling of rhythm and melody. 
Another thought of three kinds: charma (leather), tantrika (string) and ghana (solid). 
All those mentioned so far are just plain surfaces. 
The prevalence of human sacrifice during vedic times seems to be doutbtful. 
In Maharashtra andKarnataka it is also known as the halige. 
The reason seems to be the versatility of the cross flute. 
The principle of construction is exactly the same as in pungi. 
He opened his case by carefully repeating the evidence, point by point. 
Like the chitra, the vipanchi also finds a place in the epics. 
There are a few aspects that draw our attention here. 
Tichborne and his hundreds of false witnesses were not Indians. 
The foundations of good management were laid at this time. 
Badruddin took the hint, and resigned from the municipality. 
But the Governor was fair enough to accept the criticism. 
This failure was the most bitter defeat of his life. 
This pledge he kept throughout his life. 
There were, however, two sides to being a good Muslim. 
Even more important than physical health was mental health. 
The government had been planning to reduce its subsidy on education. 
Eloquent speaker though he was, Badruddin could not do this. 
Constipation 
General Health Problems 
In these conditions, you may need medical aids. 
Asthma (breathlessness) 
Your doctor has many treatments for this and he will help you. 
If you smoke, then give up immediately. 
It is never too late to reap the benefits. 
Cancer 
(See page 39 for useful organisations) 
Heart disease 
There are two normal stages. 
(see page no.39 for useful organisations). 
Mental health 
Mental health problem may occur in any age group. 
It is normal to forget the things by spending times. 
Depression is a common experience for all age groups. 
We feel frustration and boredom from time to time. 
(See page no.39 for useful organisations). 
Protection and security in home. 
Most accidents take place in the home. 
Sheltered housing 
Residential and nursing homes. 
Financial matters. 
Help for the disabled and their carers. 
Doctors, dentists, opticians and pharmacists 
If there is a problem contact FHSA. 
Before you complain 
Who can complain to the Ombudsman? 
What can't the Ombudsman investigate? 

